feat(saml): implementation of saml for ZITADEL v2 (#3618)
zitadel/zitadel: docs/docs/guides/integrate/auth0-saml.md

- existing Auth0 tenant as described [here](https://auth0.com/docs/get-started/auth0-overview/create-tenants)

> We have to switch between ZITADEL and a Auth0. If the headings begin with "ZITADEL" switch to the ZITADEL Console and
> if the headings start with "Auth0" please switch to the Auth0 GUI.

## **Auth0**: Create a new connection

In Authentication -> Enterprise
![Navigation Authentication Enterprise](/img/saml/auth0/auth_enterprise.png)

1. Press the "+" button right to "SAML"  
   ![Enterprise Connections](/img/saml/auth0/enterprise_connections.png)
2. Fill out the fields as follows in the SAML Connection:
   ![New SAML Connection](/img/saml/auth0/connection.png)

This includes:

- a unique "Connection name"
- the "Sign In URL"
- the "Sign Out URL"
- used "User ID Attribute"
- the definition how the request should be signed
- which binding should be used to call ZITADEL

All the information is filled out as an example, and to connect with any other environment you only have to change the
used domain, for example "example.com" with "zitadel.cloud".
Lastly, upload the certificate used to sign the reponses, provided for you under the

> URL [https://accounts.zitadel.cloud/saml/certificate](https://accounts.zitadel.cloud/saml/certificate).

Reviewer: This needs to be updated for zitadel.cloud, right?

Then just press the button "Create" and the connection on Auth0 is configured.

## **ZITADEL**: Create the application

> So that ZITADEL also recognises the now created SAML
> connection, [here](https://auth0.com/docs/authenticate/protocols/saml/saml-identity-provider-configuration-settings) are
> all necessary information to correctly fill out the metadata or download the metadata-file directly under the
> URL https://YOUR_DOMAIN/samlp/metadata?connection=YOUR_CONNECTION_NAME, which in this example would
> be https://example.auth0.com/samlp/metadata?connection=SAML-ZITADEL.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You need to upload the SAML metadata to ZITADEL for it to recognize this newly created connection.
[Under this link](https://auth0.com/docs/authenticate/protocols/saml/saml-identity-provider-configuration-settings) are all necessary information to correctly fill out the metadata or download the metadata-file directly under the URL https://YOUR_AUTH0_DOMAIN/samlp/metadata?connection=YOUR_CONNECTION_NAME, which in this example would
be https://example.auth0.com/samlp/metadata?connection=SAML-ZITADEL.
```
